Quake II Demo Release Notes

This file contains notes on last minute information pertinent to Quake II.

Quake II Version 3.14 - March 6, 1998

Notes on the 'Demo':
-  This is a three level version of the full Quake II product.  If you wantto order the full version, you can call (800) ID-GAMES, and you can visit our web site at www.idsoftware.com for more information.
-  This version will NOT support ANY add-on products, progs, levels or essentially ANYTHING external to the provided files, only the full version will do this.  This also means that you will be unable to record a demo and then play it back.

Notes on the 'Co-op' feature:
-  Co-op games can have a maximum of four (4) players.
-  All player statistics are preserved when saving a co-op game.  However, since anyone, not just the original players, can join in when reloading a saved co-op game, the players spots will be assigned randomly.
-  Press the 'x' key while in a Co-op game to show the score board. You gain a point for each monster killed.

Note on the 'Crosshair':
-  The crosshair is an approximation and thus may not always be accurate. However, it is consistent, so you should be able, with time, to learn to use this tool, just as you would learn to use any other tool.

Using 'Lookspring' and Keyboard Looking:
-  If you use keys to '+lookup' and/or '+lookdown', lookspring does not work with these functions.  If you want to center your view, use the '+centerview' command.  Lookspring does work when Mouselooking.

CD Audio:
-  You cannot enable CD Music once the game has been started with CD Music disabled.  You must enable CD music, then restart the game if you wish to turn CD Music back on.

Video Issues:
-  If you are experiencing a video problem, you will most likely be able to solve the problem by downloading the newest drivers from your card or chip manufacturer's website.  If this does not work, you should attempt using the video drivers that are installed with DirectX 5 included on the CD.  Please see the DirectX section of this document for frequently asked questions and installation instructions.

-  Rendition GL Support:  For Rendition support you should select "Default OpenGL" in the Video menu.

-  Riva128:   Riva support is now available using their Win95 OpenGL drivers available directly from http://www.nvidia.com.

-  VooDoo Rush:  Currently the Voodoo Rush chipset only supports OpenGL in Windows 95.  Check your card/chipset manufacturer's website for updated drivers.

-  Diamond Stealth 64 DRAM:  If you are currently experiencing problems with the Diamond Stealth 64 DRAM video card, you should attempt using the video drivers that are installed with DirectX 5 that is included on the CD.  We have found that this whould solve your video problems.  Please see the DirectX section of this document for frequently asked questions and installation instructions.

Sound Issues:
- MWave:  We have found that if you are using an MWave sound card, and are using the low quality game sounds in deathmatch, the right and left audio channels are reversed.  This problem is solved by using the high quality game sounds.

- Ensoniq:  If you are running an Ensoniq Sound Scape or AudioPCI card, pull down the console by pressing the tilde key ( ~ ) or choose the "Go To Console" selection from the "Options" menu, and type 's_primary 0' and press ENTER.  This setting will be saved when you properly exit the game.

- Joysticks:  To enable a joystick you must type "in_joystick 1" from the console.  To access the console, either press the tilde ( ~ ) key or choose the "Go To Console" selection from the "Options" menu.
